docs: add custom admin route ranking documentation (#13984)
medusajs/medusa: www/apps/book/app/learn/fundamentals/admin/ui-routes/page.mdx

The configuration object is created using `defineRouteConfig` from the Medusa Framework. It accepts the following properties:

- `label`: the sidebar item's label.
- `icon`: an optional React component used as an icon in the sidebar.

> - `rank`: an optional number to order the route among sibling routes. Routes are sorted in ascending order (lower ranks appear first). Routes without a rank appear after routes with ranks.

Reviewer: Add a link to the rank section

```suggestion
- `rank`: an optional number to order the route among sibling routes. Learn more in the [Specify UI Route Sidebar Rank[(#specify-ui-route-sidebar-rank) section.
```

The above example adds a new sidebar item with the label `Custom Route` and an icon from the [Medusa UI Icons package](!ui!/icons/overview).

### Order UI Routes by Rank

> When you have multiple custom UI routes, you can control their order in the sidebar using the `rank` property. Routes are sorted in ascending order, meaning routes with lower rank values appear first.

Reviewer: This is a bit vague considering you can only control the order of your UI routes (for example, you can't control the order of plugin UI routes).

Feel free to make change to the suggestion below. I'm not sure whether the default behavior is correct.

Also we might later need to change the version based on the next release.

```suggestion
### Specify UI Route Sidebar Rank

<Note>

UI route rank is available starting [Medusa v2.11.4](https://github.com/medusajs/medusa/releases/tag/v2.11.4).

</Note>

By default, custom UI routes are added to the sidebar in the order their files are loaded. This applies to your custom UI routes, and UI routes defined in plugins.

You can specify the ranking of your UI route in the sidebar using the `rank` property passed to `defineRouteConfig`.
```

For example:

```tsx title="src/admin/routes/analytics/page.tsx"
import { defineRouteConfig } from "@medusajs/admin-sdk"
import { ChartBar } from "@medusajs/icons"
import { Container, Heading } from "@medusajs/ui"

const AnalyticsPage = () => {
  return (
    <Container className="divide-y p-0">
      <div className="flex items-center justify-between px-6 py-4">
        <Heading level="h2">Analytics Dashboard</Heading>
      </div>
    </Container>
  )
}

export const config = defineRouteConfig({
  label: "Analytics",
  icon: ChartBar,
  rank: 1,
})

export default AnalyticsPage
```

```tsx title="src/admin/routes/reports/page.tsx"
import { defineRouteConfig } from "@medusajs/admin-sdk"
import { DocumentText } from "@medusajs/icons"
import { Container, Heading } from "@medusajs/ui"

const ReportsPage = () => {
  return (
    <Container className="divide-y p-0">
      <div className="flex items-center justify-between px-6 py-4">
        <Heading level="h2">Reports</Heading>
      </div>
    </Container>
  )
}

export const config = defineRouteConfig({
  label: "Reports",
  icon: DocumentText,
  rank: 2,
})

export default ReportsPage

> ```

Reviewer: Also add the following import at the top of this documentation file:

```
import { CodeTabs, CodeTab } from "docs-ui"
```

~~~suggestion
For example, consider you have the following UI routes:

<CodeTabs group="ui-routes">
  <CodeTab label="UI Route 1" value="ui-route-1">

```tsx title="src/admin/routes/analytics/page.tsx" highlights={[["18"]]}
import { defineRouteConfig } from "@medusajs/admin-sdk"
import { ChartBar } from "@medusajs/icons"
import { Container, Heading } from "@medusajs/ui"

const AnalyticsPage = () => {
  return (
    <Container className="divide-y p-0">
      <div className="flex items-center justify-between px-6 py-4">
        <Heading level="h2">Analytics Dashboard</Heading>
      </div>
    </Container>
  )
}

export const config = defineRouteConfig({
  label: "Analytics",
  icon: ChartBar,
  rank: 1,
})

export default AnalyticsPage
```

  </CodeTab>
  <CodeTab label="UI Route 2" value="ui-route-2">

```tsx title="src/admin/routes/reports/page.tsx" highlights={[["18"]]}
import { defineRouteConfig } from "@medusajs/admin-sdk"
import { DocumentText } from "@medusajs/icons"
import { Container, Heading } from "@medusajs/ui"

const ReportsPage = () => {
  return (
    <Container className="divide-y p-0">
      <div className="flex items-center justify-between px-6 py-4">
        <Heading level="h2">Reports</Heading>
      </div>
    </Container>
  )
}

export const config = defineRouteConfig({
  label: "Reports",
  icon: DocumentText,
  rank: 2,
})

export default ReportsPage
```

  </CodeTab>
</CodeTabs>
~~~

> In the sidebar, "Analytics" will appear before "Reports" because it has a lower rank (1 < 2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the sidebar, "Analytics" with the rank `1` will be added before "Reports" with the rank `2`.
```

Routes without a `rank` property will appear after all routes with ranks:

```tsx title="src/admin/routes/other/page.tsx"
export const config = defineRouteConfig({
  label: "Other Page",
  icon: TagSolid,
  // No rank - will appear after ranked routes
})
```

<Note>

The `rank` property also works for nested routes. Nested routes are sorted by their own rank values independently of their parent's rank.

> </Note>

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
#### How are UI Routes Sorted in the Sidebar

Medusa sorts custom UI routes based on their rank:

1. UI routes that have ranks are sorted in ascending order.
2. UI routes without a rank are added after the ranked UI routes.

Medusa also applies the same sorting logic to UI routes at the nested level. Learn more in the [Nested UI Routes Ranking](#nested-ui-routes-ranking) section.
~~~

The configuration object is created using `defineRouteConfig` from the Medusa Framework. It accepts the following properties:

- `label`: the sidebar item's label.
- `icon`: an optional React component used as an icon in the sidebar.

> - `rank`: an optional number to order the route among sibling routes. Learn more in the [Specify UI Route Sidebar Rank[(#specify-ui-route-sidebar-rank) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `rank`: an optional number to order the route among sibling routes. Learn more in the [Specify UI Route Sidebar Rank](#specify-ui-route-sidebar-rank) section.
```

The above example adds a new sidebar item with the label `Custom Route` and an icon from the [Medusa UI Icons package](!ui!/icons/overview).

### Specify UI Route Sidebar Rank

<Note>

> UI route rank is available starting [Medusa v2.11.4](https://github.com/medusajs/medusa/releases/tag/v2.11.4).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UI route ranking is available starting [Medusa v2.11.4](https://github.com/medusajs/medusa/releases/tag/v2.11.4).
```

The `nested` property passed to `defineRouteConfig` specifies which route this custom route is nested under. This route will now show in the sidebar under the existing "Orders" sidebar item.

You can also use the `rank` property to control the order of multiple custom routes nested under the same parent route:

```tsx title="src/admin/routes/orders/insights/page.tsx"
export const config = defineRouteConfig({
  label: "Order Insights",
  nested: "/orders",
  rank: 1, // Will appear first
})
```

```tsx title="src/admin/routes/orders/reports/page.tsx"
export const config = defineRouteConfig({
  label: "Order Reports",
  nested: "/orders",
  rank: 2, // Will appear second
})
```

> 

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
#### Nested UI Routes Ranking

Nested UI routes also accept the [rank](#specify-ui-route-sidebar-rank) configuration. It allows you to specify the order that the nested UI routes are shown in the sidebar under the parent item.

For example:

```tsx title="src/admin/routes/orders/insights/page.tsx"
// In nested UI route 1 at src/admin/routes/orders/insights/page.tsx
export const config = defineRouteConfig({
  label: "Order Insights",
  nested: "/orders",
  rank: 1, // Will appear first
})

// In nested UI route 2 at src/admin/routes/orders/reports/page.tsx
export const config = defineRouteConfig({
  label: "Order Reports",
  nested: "/orders",
  rank: 2, // Will appear second
})
```

In this example, the "Order Insights" item will appear before the "Order Reports" item under the parent "Orders" item in the sidebar.

~~~
